as real corporate um again Rancho an SUV
see ones I'm super sure of course the
link where we bring you all things hot
fashionable and trendy it's time fast to
see who's doing what who's hanging with
who and all the fashion do's and the
don'ts so you come with me ABC two years
launching a brand new look look it's a
PC to go has been about family we were
also about family and that's why we here
to experience something new something
fresh hopefully you you've been quite
for some time but now you're back in the
back we see on s if it's one fancy for
sure how's that going for you it is
super amazing just to have you know my
fans have a little bit of a glimpse of
what I'm like when I'm not in front of
the camera having to read a script well
it's a very thing we're always pushing
I've been saying what kind you escaped a
really really low profile why is it
because I think it's gross you get to a
point where everyone knows your name
everyone knows your capabilities it's
now to create and emphasize on the
quality and make sure that you leave a
good legacy and a quality behind
just controversial stories can you get
married I'd love to get married but
someone needs to propose if you're
watching demo a little late it could be
charged the fashionista thanks bonne
journee but I need to do this you and I
on the minor three three but it's okay
my god who dresses you I dress myself
cause everything that I wear I pipe you
know like with my own money you know he
buys it with his old man and like some
of us you know the link buys me some you
ain't all whites your babies are we love
babies hell on the link I just took step
part of my world drop you know and chop
it up you're like the Kardashians you
know you you only have like awesome
stuff in your cupboard because this is
not just read I just have like nice
things hanging around in my wardrobe
waiting for an advance solo Kardashian
Vampir Music Awards around the corner um
we expected CC a-- or um what's the odds
again I don't have any artists I mean we
just hopefully we'll see smacks though
you know boom Shakalaka boy is not no no
we're not working with a memoir all
right so first time hearing it here on
the link cuesta is no llama with butter
being your things that make me go whoa
best entertainment show right now on TV
young tense today just tell it
we're leaking our pillow how you doing
quite an interesting evening I must say
lots of fashion but more on Ungowa see
so Krista lifts Butterbean canyonville
wants to get married again and the twins
what are they doing in an ac/dc event
don't trust those two but all you have
to do is stay tuned right you're on the
link as you do it again next week same
time simply